- I once accidentally bought a horse.
- Sorry? You bought a what?
- A horse.
- A horse. Sorry, I missed the s.
LAUGHTER
You claim that you once accidentally bought a horse, am I right?
- You're right.
- Fine. We're all clear.
Under what circumstances? What did you think you were buying?
Erm... I never thought I was buying anything, I thought I was renting.
LAUGHTER
Did you think you were renting a horse?
- Yes.
- So you paid to rent a horse and then at the end when you tried
to return the horse they said, "What the hell are you doing?
"I've been trying to get rid of Psycho for years."
That's pretty much it.
How long had you imagined that you were going to rent it for?
- We thought we were going to rent it for 25 minutes.
Stephen Mangan: And did they charge you?
It was in Bulgaria, on holiday.
OK, and so what did it cost in local Bulgarian currency?
What is the local Bulgarian currency?
Er...
LAUGHTER
It was...it was 200 Lev. Lev. L-E-V. I don't know how you pronounce it.
- How much is that in sterling, roughly?
- Roughly...
- At the time.
At the time, I think about £90, so we thought it was a good deal.
- £90 for 25 minutes.
- For 25 minutes on a horse.
- But you said, "We thought we were going to rent it for 25 minutes.
- There was me and my friend.
- It was a lad's holiday. We were 18 and thought, "We'll go horse riding.
- In Bulgaria?
Did you question the odd sort of time slots they were going for?
I mean, I've never been pony trekking, but I imagine
they sort of rent you the horse for perhaps a couple of hours. Or at least a solid half hour.
You get 25 minutes, then the horse needs a break for five minutes...
Then you keep the horse forever.
- Well, I never knew that.
- What happened when you tried to take it back?
The guy explained to us that... The guy was gone.
LAUGHTER
Never say the phrase on this game
"The guy explained to us that he'd gone"?
Never say that.
There were two different guys.
You have to go through me if you want to speak to my client.
- There was Guy A. Guy A.
- Guy A? That's a Bulgarian name.
- It's very well known.
The most famous Bulgarian name.
The guy, Dimitri, I think that... No, Guy A...
LAUGHTER
- And Guy B, right?
- Right.
We thought we were going horse riding and we were heading towards
- the place where you actually hire the horse...
- Stables!
The stables, right?
I think he's making it up and I'm on his team.
Bit of patience, Brian, come on.
We met a guy on the way who had a horse and we thought he was doing
that thing in Asda when you've got a shopping trolley,
you're taking it back, somebody else needs a trolley and you say, "Want this one?"
So we thought the guy was saying...
- "No need to go all the way to the actual stable. I'm from the stable..."
- Yeah.
"So just hire this horse..."
- That's what the guy said.
- Yeah.
So there was a bit of a communication breakdown.
There was a Bulgarian guy trying to speak English and two Scottish guys trying to speak English,
so we thought the guy had given us the horse to ride and come back...
Were you not surprised? I mean, I've never been on holiday to Bulgaria,
but I imagine that things would be a bit cheaper in Bulgaria than in Britain.
Were you not surprised it cost you the equivalent of £90 to hire a horse for 25 minutes?
Well, it was 25 minutes each. There was two of us.
So we chipped in for the horse.
For 25 minutes each.
But still, if you thought you were going to get 25 minutes each, that's a lot, isn't it?
It's an hour. You need to give the horse a break, as I said.
Let's forget about the 25 minutes.
Just forget about the horse.
That's absolutely, obviously bullshit.
You take the horse back,
Guy B, who is the guy you met on the way to the stables...
He's gone. He's gone, no sign of him.
So you say to Guy A, "Well, we hired this as part
of your not bothering to actually go to the stables, but getting a few hundred yards away scheme.
"We hired this horse for 25 minutes at an extortionate rate. Nevertheless, here it is.
- And what did he say?
- We went back to the place where we picked up the horse.
- Oh, so not to the stable.
- No.
- But to the random point in the road.
Couple of hundred yards from the stables. Bewilderedly, "Where has the mysterious man gone?"
I would have thought, logically, when you were returning it, having thought that he'd have come from
the stable that you'd been lucky not to have to walk to the stable before hiring it,
- you might nevertheless have thought, "Well, the stable's where it's got to go back to"
- Yeah.
..rather than, "Well Sod 'em, this is where we picked it up from. That's your fatal mistake.
I'm going to stand here 300 yards away from the stables,
"Come over here! Come and get your own horse!"
At which point, locals start waving, "No. You keep."
- Kevin, look at me, look at me. You're taking the horse back...
- "Look at me"?!
What happened next?
Come on, Kevin, come on.
So where are we taking it up from?
- You're taking the horse back.
- No, let's go back to the start.
Kevin Bridges, for the love of God,
please tell us what happened.
Right.
We bought a horse, we thought we'd rented the horse, we did the horse riding,
- took it back to the actual place we picked up the horse...
- Yes.
Locals explained we'd been to a counterfeit horse guy who wasn't an official horse riding stable...
This is a counterfeit horse?
This wasn't a genuine horse, this was maybe two guys in a costume.
That would explain the 25 minutes. I can only do 25 minutes.
The giveaway was after 25 minutes, when one went...
"Right, let's crack on, lads."
So, David's team, what do you think, truth or lie?
LAUGHTER
I mean, the trouble with this game is it plays tricks with your mind,
but I don't think it's true, you don't really think?
- It's got to be, hasn't it?
- It's got to be a lie.
- It's got to be.
- Yeah.
- You're saying it's a lie.
- So here we go, this really is...
- This is the moment.
This is more than any other episode I've done of this show
this is the moment we're waiting for.
Kevin Bridges, is it true or is it a lie?
It's true.
CHEERING
Unbelievable.